Require only partial of req - headers - in processProtectedHandler (#224)
saleor/saleor-app-sdk: .changeset/tough-tips-judge.md

---
"@saleor/app-sdk": patch
---

> processProtectedHandler no longer requires full NextApiRequest as an argument. It only needs headers now to check. Thanks to that, some requests like HTML <form> with tokens in BODY can be validated. Till now only fetch/ajax calls could have been validated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processProtectedHandler no longer requires a full NextApiRequest object as an argument. Now only the `headers` property is required to satisfy the type safety.

Thanks to that, some requests like HTML <form> with tokens in BODY can be validated. Till now only fetch/ajax calls could have been validated
```
